I started out designing the project with a standard external CSS stylesheet, style.css, and then replacing as much of the CSS with bootstrap's grid system, components, and utility classes. I had the result looking almost perfect using regular CSS, and then I started methodically replacing the CSS with bootstrap classes. 
Document blockers: As I thought I was almost done, I encountered issues. When I was working with the background image, the whole layout changed to a plain looking html page. As my first troubleshooting step, I went back to the index.html and did ctrl-Z to undo the last change. That had no effect. I tried undo with ctrl-Z a few more times, but I could not get the file back to the state it was in when it was close to being done. I fought with the index.html and style.css for several hours, so I started over with a clean slate and decided to try implementing the soluiton with tailwindcss. I started digging deep into the Tailwindcss documentation at https://tailwindcss.com/docs/styling-with-utility-classes. This helped me see the usefullness and efficiency of Tailwindcss compared to bootstrap. I found a link to a 5-part mini course (https://tailwindcss.com/build-uis-that-dont-suck) that was offered for free and taught by the author of Tailwindcss, Adam Wathan. I really like his teaching style, and I was motivated to learn as much about Tailwindcss as I could since it struck a chord with me and made so much sense. I was able to implement a Tailwindcss solution using the CDN implementation after testing out the installation of Tailwindcss CLI and the Intellisense extension. I plan to use Tailwindcss as much as possible going forward. If I had more time to work on this project, I would go beck and redo it with bootstrap from scratch like I did with Tailwindcss, instead of trying to alter the CSS styled version. Then I could truly compare the capabilities of Bottstrap with Tailwindcss.